Change transformers.onnx to use optimum.exporters.onnx (#20529)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/serialization.mdx

models to [ONNX (Open Neural Network eXchange)](http://onnx.ai).

<Tip>
You can now export 🤗 Transformers models with [`optimum.exporters.onnx`](https://huggingface.co/docs/optimum/exporters/onnx/usage_guides/export_a_model).

Once exported, a model can be:

- Optimized for inference via techniques such as quantization and graph optimizations.

> - Run with [`ORTModelForXXX` classes](https://huggingface.co/docs/optimum/onnxruntime/package_reference/modeling_ort),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run with ONNX Runtime via [`ORTModelForXXX` classes](https://huggingface.co/docs/optimum/onnxruntime/package_reference/modeling_ort),
```

> which follow the same API as the one you are used to in 🤗 Transformers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which follow the same `AutoClass` API as the one you are used to in 🤗 Transformers.
```

- Run with [optimized inference pipelines](https://huggingface.co/docs/optimum/main/en/onnxruntime/usage_guides/pipelines),

> again following the same API as the one you are used to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which has the same API as the [`pipeline`] function in 🤗 Transformers.
```

> If you are interested  check out the [🤗 Optimum library](https://github.com/huggingface/optimum).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To explore all these features, check out the [🤗 Optimum library](https://github.com/huggingface/optimum).
```

## Selecting features for different model tasks

<Tip>

> The recommanded way of exporting a model is now to use `optimum.exporters.onnx`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The recommended way of exporting a model is now to use `optimum.exporters.onnx`.
```
